Sister, this one?
It's the husband my Zhao family found for you
You just have to marry him
You are the princess above all others
Hey, no, Zhao Min, he's always been with me
What do you mean?
Your sister won't have an affair with this man no
No more from now on.
I'll fuck you.
If you don't want to die without a burial place
Be dumb
Haha, I'll go to you and take it away for me.
I don't want a woman who has been touched by others
Hey prince
I am the invincible supreme that you personally sealed
Refer to Luwu
What destroyed my Zhao family?
This clearly means I don't take you seriously.
You want to destroy the Zhao family, that's right
I want to destroy the Zhao family
What do you mean?
Then you know now
This prince is the backer behind the Zhao family
Do you still dare to do it?
Don't say you are red
Even if the Lord of Kyushu stands here today to call
Destroy the Empire